the first film of the game is gonna be
an interesting struggle here the you
know going obviously that's that's for
the shrimp but cover link all they were
flying up you kicked the first bowler
possession you figured the a girl on the
chair what a very story would be the
oldest man in the world cup was to score
Uruguay first time ever in the Flyers
wheeling round
in from Chiara I do push Apollo's
for the drive what for the referees on
to me
well
it's the fairy story we were talking
about who is a lovely setting on earth
day like today it's nice to know the
world cup just doesn't touch places
right Marie food a twink another card it
comes to the likes of Galashiels the
awardee for Uruguay see these Uruguayans
are loving discouraging at the moment
because they haven't asked me therese
come again it's this time
what a more exciting game of God goes up
chug it all packing in and I definitely
have an advantage there I've got to make
it count on they are making it Kathy
must be the Spanish scrum going
backwards I think you've all my chairs
cause again might as well announces
retirement no way to go out it would be
might surprised everybody by whipping it
down all the sudden they go for the
pushover watch for the referees out to
be raised not so
I've never seen anything quite like that
you're a guy looking to regain believe
you know but she which we're gonna have
future eyes listen for the referee's
whistle there it is
7:40 samples